.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

<!-- If this is not ready to be reviewed create a draft pull request -->
# Summary
<!-- Include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed -->

Fixes BNCGA-xxxxx

## Description
<!-- Include detailed description of the change when needed-->

## Type of change
<!-- These are only examples you can change these however it fits -->

- Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- This change requires a documentation update (Follow up on BNCGA-xxxxx)

## How Has This Been Tested?
<!-- Describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes. Provide instructions to reproduce -->

Theses changes have been tested in:

- A
- B

# Checklist
<!-- Fill the checklist before opening the pull request -->

- [ ] Fill the description
- [ ] Declare the type of changes included in the pull request
- [ ] Describe how has this been tested
- [ ] Add categorical labels (feature/fix/chore/docs/skip-changelog)
- [ ] Add semver labels (patch/minor/major/skip-semver)

Commit message:

Add chore to types of change

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!-- If this is not ready to be reviewed create a draft pull request -->
# Summary
<!-- Include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed -->

Fixes BNCGA-xxxxx

## Description
<!-- Include detailed description of the change when needed-->

## Type of change
<!-- These are only examples you can change these however it fits -->

- Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
- Chore (tool, configuration, CI changes, or anything that doesn't reflect on the user)
- This change requires a documentation update (Follow up on BNCGA-xxxxx)

## How Has This Been Tested?
<!-- Describe the tests that you ran to verify your changes. Provide instructions to reproduce -->

Theses changes have been tested in:

- A
- B

# Checklist
<!-- Fill the checklist before opening the pull request -->

- [ ] Fill the description
- [ ] Declare the type of changes included in the pull request
- [ ] Describe how has this been tested
- [ ] Add categorical labels (feature/fix/chore/docs/skip-changelog)
- [ ] Add semver labels (patch/minor/major/skip-semver)
